Paco is coming at 8, very good
afternoon. Hello, how are you? Good afternoon. Hello
Gustavo, it's a pleasure to meet you.
How are you? We want to know a lot about you,
but I know you don't have much time in one
place. I'm here in the Tiffany room. They're
going to give out some awards. Apparently, they're going to
award me. What are they going to award you with? So, well, I don't
know. I don't
know. We're going to see the price they give me. I
hope it's for my journalistic career.
Now, we'll see specifically what part of
your journalistic career do you think they
valued in this, in today's gala.
Look, I'm an all-rounder and I
really like being behind the
camera.
Although people don't believe it, I really like
doing reports and writing. I
love writing. I've written a lot for La
Raza.
Well, I continue writing interviews and I
continue writing
some things like that. Because you're
telling us that you like it more behind
the cameras than in front of them, but people are
wondering why lately we can't
see you in front of the cameras
because the cameras don't want me anymore
because they didn't renew me. And well, I
think that
I was telling your colleague that
20 years ago I said that I was just passing through on
TV and I didn't understand why they
noticed me. I've never gone to castings, I've
never looked, I've never asked for work
on television, they've offered me
things and I've turned down things and I've said yes to other things
but right now I think it's
very, very, very interesting It
should be the thing that made me decide to
return to television I'm very calm
now but you felt bad that they didn't
renew your contract Gustavo No no Honestly, besides,
look, a
colleague
who called me on the phone also asked me this
because people thought that
I
was having a heart attack with someone no no no on
television it's like that and maybe the one who
was exhausted or people were tired
of me And that's it, well, you have
n't seen it as a tradition
Maybe they suddenly wanted to turn their backs on you Or so dear, don't take into account that television is very ungrateful but it isn't but it is what it is that's what there is we are not friends fortunately I always had it Of course my friends They are somewhere else there are
friends obviously like Antonio
Montero María Patiño González who continue
being that they were also
on television no but but my friends
are the same as always The ones I've
always had and the reaction that your
colleagues have had has worried about you They do have a
good relationship with you Well, those who are
friends yes I am still in contact with my
friends I also include those from
television obviously the rest no
but I have not written to them or
called them eh but it is not a question of
resentment really it is a question of well it's
over we have been we have stopped being
colleagues exactly what I was
saying was that a lot of people had
associated your departure Gustavo with the issue of
Luz's operation so it was
Simply that there was no such renewal
Maybe that was why no they did not
renew me for that reason but I think they
were already seeing I already collaborated little I have
taken into account that I was already going Only one
day a week And well they were
making changes because the ratings were not
going well and they have to make
changes and I am not the only one that has not been
renewed there were
nerves because of the issue of the
ratings with Gustavo over there man How could there
not be? keep in mind that
in the relationship there are many people I mean
behind what is behind  of the
cameras there are many families many people
who live And of course there are many nerves there are
many and keep watching it I keep in
touch with colleagues
they don't you know that they don't try to
pretend that because they say they
are crushing it and let's see it reached me I don't
know if you will know something it reached me that there were
people sending resumes
is it possible to take into account that look
Sálvame is a wonderful
wonderful program and I say it sincerely eh
sincerely it is a program that
is already history living history of
television but there are some heavyweights
I think that the program that we have been
on there many people I have been 10 years
almost 10 years in that program but there are
people who are
essential although they say that in
Sálvame there is no one expendable I
think that the boys are there is
Belén Esteban our beloved Mila
Ximénez
yes Well now María Patiño who has a
lot of weight But if any of them
is not on the set it doesn't make sense I
want to ask you a question One last
question that we have been here
talking for 15 minutes do you recognize the
Jorge Javier that you see  Now, I
think Jorge is also going through
a
difficult time because, of
course, when you have a large
audience,
criticism matters less to you, but
when the audience is complicated, you
also have to reinvent yourself
in your work. Although I can say Jorge
has his life sorted, he
is obviously triumphing in the theater, he is triumphing
now, he has written a book that I really
want to read, but
I have experienced it with other presenters
who have been at the top and
suddenly when he is no longer at the top
and you see other people who are very
important, well, that creates insecurities. I
don't know if that will be your case, but I
imagine that no matter how much you say, well,
this will end and nothing will happen and I will be
somewhere else and be at home. I believe that
deep down you say, damn, that he has been the
most iconic presenter
there is and there has ever been on television
and the last one, The Last, Chavo, with all due
respect in the world, and I hope it doesn't
bother you. As far as you are concerned, you are
calm and you live calmly.
I am calm and I watch calmly, let's see.
There are things in my life that I have to
resolve, but yes, I am calm,
I am in a  A truly peaceful moment in my life,
well I'm glad Gustavo and I have no choice but to thank you.
Thank you very much. If you're referring to the
judicial issue, I believe in justice,
obviously, I have to
be prudent there, but there
has been a lot of slander and as I say, I
believe in justice and I have to wait,
but I assure you that there will be things that will offend you.
How much can we surprise each other?
Man, I think that in a year we'll see
things. Okay, Gustavo, thank you very much
for answering us, it's
a pleasure, come back later. Thank you very much.
Well, Gustavo, as you can see, charming,
look, now here they are, Marta, risk,
we've seen
[Music]